feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/sourcefunctionname/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: sourceFunctionName property"
short-title: sourceFunctionName
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/sourceFunctionName
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental

> browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceFunctionName

Author: Ah yes, this one was missed the first time round. Florian added it in recently: https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/22851

> browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceFunctionName

Reviewer: Ok cool 👍

---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`sourceFunctionName`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a string representing the name of the function that contributed to the LoAF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`sourceFunctionName`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a string representing the name of the function that contributed to the LoAF.
```

> It is important to note that the reported function name will be the "entry point" of the script (i.e. the top level of the stack), and not any specific slow sub-function.

Author: updated

> For example, if an event handler calls a top-level function, which in turn calls a slow sub-function, the `source*` fields will report the top-level function's name and location, not the slow sub-function — the function that was passed to the platform API is always the one reported. This is because of performance reasons — a full stack trace is costly.

Author: updated

In the following snippet:

```js
setTimeout(function lib_func() {
  slow_function();
});
```

> `sourceFunctionName` would report `lib_func`, not `slow_function`

Author: Updated
